>> Kyle Simpson: We could just implement
a single strategy for all inbound and
outbound request.
That strategy could be which
isn't gonna do much but
we can just verify that our
router hasn't broken anything,
that strategy could be we're going
to first make the request and
then we're going to store it in cache if
we haven't already gotten it in the cache.
So what would that look like?
Well we're gonna need some fetchOptions.
>> Kyle Simpson: And for
example we're gonna need credentials,
and I'll say omit here
because this won't work for
all of our requests but
it spoke for a few of them.
We're gonna say credentials
omit will say cache:"no-store",
but what if one of these inbound
request is like a forum post.
So I may not be able to assume that
I'm gonna do like method get maybe
you can assume that maybe you know
that your web page only does GETs.
But if you wanted to say,
use whatever request method
the inbound request has,
then you can say req.method.
>> Kyle Simpson: And also,
it may be the case that the request has
some headers that
the server needs to see and
you don't wanna not include those, so
you may also wanna to include the headers.
>> Kyle Simpson: And depending on your
scenario you may need to fine tune these
fetch options a little bit differently,
so.
>> Kyle Simpson: Now we know that
it's possible for a fetch to fail,
we're not gonna do our is
online checking just yet
but we're going to just say
let res equals await fetch and
the URL that we want to request is reqURL,
and the options is fetchOptions.
Actually, rather than just in case there
might be other things in the URL that
we hit stripped off for our URL testing
purposes, let's just go ahead and
pass along the actual original URL
that the browser has requested.
>> Kyle Simpson: So if this works,
>> Kyle Simpson: We will have a res, and
it will be res.ok, So now,
we have a response back from the server.
We don't necessarily need to pass anything
about the response at this point,
although, that's a valid thing
that your service worker might do.
It might look inside of a resource and
see if it likes what it sees or
whatever, but here,
we're just gonna say listen,
I see that we've got a good successful
response from the server so
I'm gonna go ahead and cache it, remember
we do caching by saying await cache.put.
We're gonna use the reqURL,
that's the variable we created,
that's the key for it.
We're gonna use reqURL and
we're going to say res.clone and
this one it really is important
that we say res.clone,
and then finally we're going to
return res, why are we returning res?
Because the response is coming
back as the response of
the router which is doing
the event wait until, and
actually just realized we
don't wanna use wait until,
because this is an on fetch what
we wanna use is respond with.
That's kind of like wait until but
it is actually expecting a real response,
so event.respondwith the response
that we got from the router.
All right, so
we've tried this request and we've tried,
if it failed, then we tried to,
I mean, if it succeeded,
then we tried to put it in the cash and
we returned it.
If it failed for any of the possible
reasons, either we got like a network
failure, or we just didn't get back
a success response like the server.
If we didn't get something,
then what we might wanna do here is try
the fallback of is it in my cache, right?
So we've tried to get it from the server,
but
now we want to say is it in my cache so
let's do that,
let's,
>> Kyle Simpson: Res = await,
actually, I'm gonna need that at a,
this is one of the annoying things
about block scoping is that you
end up having to adjust a lot.
Okay, so Res equals await and
we're gonna do cache.match(reqURL),
so we're asking, is it in the cache?
If so,
>> Kyle Simpson: Then
we're going to return, and here's
another key because we wanna keep that
response that's in the cache,
we wanna be able to use it multiple times,
the thing that we wanna return it's
gotta be res.clone instead of just res.